Update ERC-7695 (#1)
ducthotran2010/ERCs: ERCS/erc-7695.md

  - The `data` argument provided by the caller MUST be passed with its contents unaltered to the `onExecDetachContext` hook function via its `data` argument.

**execDetachContext rules**

- MUST revert unless the method caller is the ownership manager, an authorized operator of ownership manager, or the approved address for this NFT (if the token is not being delegated).
- MUST revert unless a detachment request has previously been made and the specified detaching duration has passed (use variable `detachingDuration` in the `getContext` function when requesting detachment).
- MUST emit the `ContextDetached` event.
- After the above conditions are met, this function MUST check if the controller address is a smart contract (e.g. code size > 0). If so, it MUST call `onExecDetachContext` and the call result MUST be skipped.
  - The `data` argument provided by the caller MUST be passed with its contents unaltered to the `onExecDetachContext` hook function via its `data` argument.

### Additional Transfer Rules

> In addition to extending from ERC721 for the transfer mechanism when transferring an NFT, the implementation:

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to extending from [ERC-721](./eip-721.md) for the transfer mechanism when transferring an NFT, the implementation:
```
